:ghost: documentation for the questionnaire yaml to be uploaded (#596)
konveyor/tackle2-hub: docs/questionnaire-yaml.md

            1. order: Required int order in which the question should appear in the section.
            1. text:  Required string the actual answer for the question.
            2. risk: Required to be one of red, yellow, green, or unknown. The risk level the current answer implies.
            3. rationale:  Optional string explaining the justification for the answer being considered a risk.
            4. mitigation: Optional string for an explanation of the potential mitigation strategy for the risk implied by this answer.
            5. applyTags: Optional list that defines a list of tags to be automatically applied to the assessed application or archetype if this answer is selected.
                1. category: Required string category of the target tag.
                2. tag: Required string for the target tag.
            6. autoAnswerFor: Optional list defines a list of tags that will lead to this answer being automatically selected when the application or archetype is assessed. 
                1. category: Required string category of the target tag.
                2. tag: Required string for the target tag.

> #### Notes
> 
> 1. Anything with the word **required** must be filed out. Otherwise, the yaml will not validate on upload.
> 2. Each subsection defines a new struct/object in yaml. For instance
> 
> ```yaml
> ...
> name: Testing
> thresholds: 
>     red: 30
>     yellow: 45
>     unknown: 5
> ...
> ```

Reviewer: You could use a NOTE admonition to highlight

```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
>
> 1. Anything with the word **required** must be filed out. Otherwise, the YAML will not validate on upload.
> 2. Each subsection defines a new struct/object in yaml. For instance
> ```yaml
> ...
> name: Testing
> thresholds: 
>    red: 30
>    yellow: 45
>    unknown: 5
> ...
> ```
```

Author: Does that note syntax work with markdown or only with asidoc?

Reviewer: It is markdown syntax for an admonition:

![image](https://github.com/konveyor/tackle2-hub/assets/106804821/a1a2ef69-7759-496e-a217-b280d6a1879e)

AsciiDoc admonitions are silently different. I miss markdown so much

Author: Wow! never knew this will change!

Author: updated
